---
layout: jobs
title: Director of Tax
email: jhyde@kingstondwight.com
banner: Contact Joe Hyde, Partner, Kingston Dwight
date: 2020-03-10T00:25:00.000-04:00

---
                                       **Director of Tax**

A rapidly expanding product-driven technology company is seeking to recruit a Senior Manager or Director of Tax (title will reflect the level of experience. Regardless of the level of experience, our client is looking for a tax professional that is promotable and advanced. The successful candidate will help scale the existing function and address the tax issues generated by increased international business activity and acquisitions.

This position can be located in the Boston area (preferable) or New York. Currently, the role is expected to be performed remotely until at least the summer.

To support the changing needs of this growing company, we are seeking to attract a generalist tax professional (with strong international tax experience) to help with various strategic and tactical tax issues across all geographies.

Also, this individual will be tasked with managing and developing the current team, making new hires, and working with the Company's outside service providers.

**Responsibilities:**

· Direct all aspects of US and non-US tax compliance, such as preparing tax return workpapers, reviewing tax returns prepared by tax advisors, processing tax payments, and responding to audit inquiries.

· Participate in international tax structuring efforts.

· Coordinate the preparation of the US tax provision and related financial statement footnotes with external tax advisors.

· Understand tax requirements for new countries that the Company enters and support the creation of new entities as needed.

· Direct outside tax advisors in the preparation of various federal, state, local, and non-US tax forms.

· Participate in transfer pricing analysis efforts and documentation requirements, including country-by-country reporting with external tax providers.

· Participate in the month-end close processes.

· Evaluate and make recommendations regarding various tax law and regulations, including international, federal, and state tax law.

· Assist in performing due diligence for acquisitions, tax audits and other tax reporting.

· Oversee in the on-going utilization of Net Suite and other technology tools.

**Qualifications:**

· CPA or equivalent preferred

· 8+ years tax experience, ideally includes both in-house and public accounting experience

· Ability to achieve results in a fast-paced, high-growth, global environment

· Proven ability to diagnose problems using critical thinking skills and drive appropriate solutions

· Demonstrable ability to practice a high level of confidentiality

· Able to handle projects with minimal oversight in a fast-paced environment with multiple and sometimes changing priorities

· Able to work both on a team (as member and / or leader) and independently to deliver results

· Project management and leadership competencies such as self-motivation, time management and organizational skills, attention to detail, adaptability, flexibility, and drive